---
layout: post
title: "Websites"
date: 2016-04-26 8:40:00
comments: "Websites are good"
description: ""
keywords: "Website"
categories:
- Programming
- Website
- DNS
tags:
- welcome
- done

---



A website is a “collection of files” that is displayed to a user. There are many different types of websites, such as static and dynamic, and they do a variety of different things. A static website consists of HTML files which each show a page of the website. The information and files that you see on the website is already there when yo go and visit that certain page. The page will always stay the same unless the creator of the website updates it and changes it. Examples of these types of websites are articles and Wikipedia. A dynamic website, on the other hand, is just the opposite. When the user requests to view a certain page, the website will go out and “find” differents pieces of information and will build those into a single page. Eaxmples of dynamic websites are ESPN, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and mlb.com. Another key difference between a static and dynamic website is that in a static website, if me and my friend were to go to the same page, then we would see the exact same thing as each other. Websites use many different protocols in order to keep our data safe. Examples of such protocols are HTML, HTTP, HTTPS, and FTP. It is amazing to see that 99.9% of websites are constantly accessible 24/7. Part of this can be attributed to DNS which makes it easy for a user to find the website they are looking for. But, most of this can be attributed to the redundancy of the Internet. There are many different paths that a user can take to get to a website. This redundancy allows for the website to accessed through major traffic as well as a few malfunctions. The only thing that will shut down a website is a failure on their end.


https://nycda.com/blog/how-the-internet-works/
https://rocketmedia.com/blog/static-vs-dynamic-websites
http://www.bbc.co.uk/guides/z3tbgk7