---
layout: post
title "Class"
date: 2016-04-04 9:20:00
comments: "Class is good"
description ""
keywords "OOP and Class"
categories:
- Programming
- Class
- OOP
- Ruby
- Comparisons
tags:
- welcome
- done

---


Using Object Oriented Programming involves using Classes. Using classes is very beneficial to coding anything that would involve something being created multiple times that would need to have the same traits. These traits are called attributes. An example of something that would involve using classes would be any websites where many people would need to create new users such as Facebook, Snapchat, and Instagram. The advantages of using Object Oriented Programming is that you can allow for many users to be created and have the same attributes over and over again and it will never fail and you don’t need to change anything.


The first part of my code is where a new user is creating an account on any sort of website, it is a basic template. In lines two through seven, my code is creating the attributes that every single user will have, their account details. There is another way to code what I am doing here, one could just get rid of the “def initialize” and put “def username” then under do “@username = username” then continue with the rest of the code like my example. The reason that I did not use this way of coding this because it takes more time. Using the “def initialize” puts all of these steps into one shorter block of code. When doing this, you must you use “def initialize” in order for this step to work. The second part of my code, from lines eight to twenty where I have “def email/@email” Is allowing for the email attribute to be defined and read and stored. The final part of my code is where I am calling this data, and allowing for the user attributes to be created. I have to do the parameters in a certain order, the same order in which they were listed before in the code. If I don’t do this, then the program won’t work.




class user
	def initialize(email, username, password, phone_number)
		@email = email
		username = username
		@password = password
		@phone_number = phone_number
		end
			def email
					@email
			end
			def username
					@username
			end
			def password
					@password
			end
			def phone_number
					@phone_number
			end
		end

dean = User.new("dmelonid@lsoc.org", "DMelon", "passwordd", "773-202-5862")
puts dean.email
puts dean.username
puts dean.password
puts dean.phone_number


end




http://ruby-doc.org/core-2.2.0/Class.html
http://www.tutorialspoint.com/ruby/ruby_classes.htm
http://phrogz.net/programmingruby/tut_classes.html

