---
layout: post
title: "Cookies"
date: 2016-05-06 8:40:00
comments: "Cooookies"
description: ""
keywords: "Cookies and Sessions"
categories:
- Programming
- Cookies
- Data
- Sessions
- Comparisons
- Advertisements
tags:
- welcome
- done

---

Cookies are small pieces of text that are stored on a user’s computer that got put there from the browser. These cookies help to store little bits of information that your computer will use later such as, authentication, storing of site preferences, shopping cart items, and server session identification. This leads us to the question “What is a session?” A session is when the server that a user is using stores the data of the user and uses throughout the interaction in order to better the experience for the user. Some users prefer not to use cookies while browsing because the cookies track where you have been, people do not like that because they are scared that companies will sell the data to others. A common use of cookies is in advertisements. When one visits a website, that info gets stored into their computer. Then when they navigate to a website that has ads on the page, they will see that a website that they frequently visit, such as the Latin School Website, will be advertised on that website and that freaks people out a little bit. “How do sessions and cookies relate?” one might ask. Sessions use cookies. Also, HTTP requests are stateless. I know that stateless is an odd term, so here is what it entails. That when one sends a HTTP request the previous requests are not seen by the server. There is absolutely no dependency on the previous requests which is odd. One would think that there would be dependency because it makes sense that your requests should depend on the previous request, but alas, there is no shared history. Cookies are a controversial subject and if you disable cookies some websites will not allow you to progress because they make money of cookies and ads.



http://www.lassosoft.com/Tutorial-Understanding-Cookies-and-Sessions
http://shiflett.org/articles/the-truth-about-sessions
http://lifehacker.com/5853483/a-guide-to-sniffing-out-passwords-and-cookies-and-how-to-protect-yourself-against-it